# Homework due Thursday(4/11) night at 11:00PM

# Part 1
#### Getting Started
Create a separate file called **classes.js** for the following exercise.

__WITHOUT__ using es6 classes do the following:

1. Create a fish class using a constructor function. It should have the properties name, length and color.
2. Extend the fish prototype with a method glub that console logs 'My name is [name] and I glub you!'. 
3. Create a new instance of the fish class with the name 'Boring fish', length 5 cm, and color orange.
4. Test out it's method to see if it glubs you.
5. Using the constructor pattern, create a child class of fish called Goldfish that has a property diet.
6. Create a new instance of Goldfish with the name Gustave, length 10cm, color black and diet blood worms.
7. Using the Prototypal pattern Create a new child class of fish called Cichlid with a boolean property called mean.
8. Create a new instance of Cichlid named Prince with a length of 5cm and color purple and mean false.
9. Test all the methods and properties to make sure you've set up your objects correctly.

Now repeat the above steps using es6 classes!

# Part 2

## To the API Batman!
In this assignment you're going to get some practice with map, filter, reduce to manage a JSON payload from the omdb API.

##### Getting started

1. Touch an `index.html` file and add the boiler plate.

2. Touch a `script.js` file, link it to your html file, and create an empty object named `holySmokesBatman` (see below).

```
const holySmokesBatman = {
  // stuff will be added here later

}
```
##### With `Postman`

3. Check out <a href="http://www.omdbapi.com/">OMDB</a> to get a sense of the API.

4. Take this link `http://www.omdbapi.com/?s=batman&y=&plot=full&r=json` (from the OMDB docs) and make a `GET` request in Postman, to get Batman movies in OMDB's database.

5. Copy and paste the JSON object you got back into the `holySmokesBatman` object in your JS file.

6. Now jump into the questions below using the `holySmokesBatman` object data.

### Object Basics
1. Set a new variable to the `totalResults` property in `holySmokesBatman`.

2. Set a new variable to the `Response` property in `holySmokesBatman`.

### Map
As you may already know, the `map()` method will take an array and return a new, modified version of it.

Now use [Map](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map) to complete the following problems.

1. Practice grabbing all the Movie titles. Set that info to a new array using map.
2. Practice grabbing all of the Poster image urls. Set that info to a new array using map.
3. Now grab the Movie and Poster data at the same time using map and render that data in the browser (AKA use the DOM).
4. Make the word/image styling responsive.

### Filter
Remember `filter()` takes an array and returns a new array of the elements that pass a boolean test. See below for an example:

``` javascript
var animals = [
  {
    "name": "Fluffykins",
    "species": "cat"
  },
  {
    "name": "Hamilton",
    "species": "dog"
  },
  {
    "name": "Shadow",
    "species": "dog"
  },
  {
    "name": "Sassy",
    "species": "cat"
  }
];

var dogs = animals.filter(function(animal){
  if (animal.species === "dog") {
    return animal;
  }
});

console.log(dogs);
  => [
       {
          "name": "Hamilton",
          "species": "dog"
        },
        {
          "name": "Shadow",
          "species": "dog"
        }
      ]
```
Now use [Filter](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/filter) to complete the following problems:

1. Using `map` create a new array named `movieTitleList` that contains all of the movie titles.
2. Then create an HTML input, that allows users to type in a title.
3. On click, run the title typed in against the `movieTitleList` array to see if it's in there (using `filter()`).
4. If the movie title is there, alert the user saying 'heck yes it's in there', otherwise write, 'no dice. sorry, try again'

### Reduce
`Reduce` is a kind of Swiss Army Knife for arrays. One of it's best uses is adding up elements. It takes a callback function with two arguments, the first we can call `sum`. We can add each item of the array to the sum. The second argument is current, which is each element in the array as we iterate through it.

Example:

```javascript
var numbers = [0, 1, 2, 3];
var total = numbers.reduce(function(sum, current) {
  return sum += current;
});

console.log(total);
  => 6
```
Now use [Reduce](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/Reduce) to complete the next two problems:

1. Using `reduce()`, iterate over `holySmokesBatman` and concatenate all the omdbIDs together, saving this string to a variable called `rambleOfOmdbIDs`. Console log this.

2. Let's combine some of these methods.

  - Take the `holySmokesBatman` object and use `map` to programatically add a new attribute `rating` to each object of the search array making sure that every rating is different. Hint: remember `map` can take two arguments.

 - Use `reduce` to manipulate the newly created array (from the previous step). Add up all ratings that are greater than 3. Assign the result to a new variable.


# Part 3
We're going to get in deep to react this unit! Luckily the react documentation is amazing. Read the [docs](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/hello-world.html) and answer the following questions in a separate markdown file. Don't worry if you don't understand everything, we'll go over it all in class!

1. What is JSX? What is it's function?
2. What does reactDOM.render() do?
3. What are components?
4. What are props?
5. What is state?